2023.10.11
# Getting the website set up, invoices, and Christmas chemicals
### Daniel
The past 12 hours have been crazy; my body is so sore, and I don't know how I'm going to survive the day.
I've been working on this damn site since around 8pm last night, and I'm just now getting the skeleton completed.
I've been trying to figure out a way to use .md files directly as site pages or whatever, since GitHub is supposed to have support for that.
I'm most likely doing something wrong though, as I can't seem to figure out a way to make it work. Oh well I'll get it figured out eventually.
Another thing I really want to add is a comment section - a live one, so people can chat to each other or leave suggestions. 
Surely everyone will remain civil and respectful of each other and us. 
As far as actual detailing goes, we've got 1-2 jobs today depending on if they decide to reschedule or not, but I know I'm cooked regardless.
Sho had the great idea to print out a physical checklist of which parts of the car we need to photograph, and turn it into an invoice of sorts.
I know nobody cares to download it, but I think it would be cool to have them on the site just to give me something to do.
Next week I'll be stopping by Koch Chemie again to pick up some more chemicals as we're running low, and I'm excited to check out their new stuff.
They dropped a bunch of new products for SEMA last week and they're looking pretty sick.
They had a special limited edition Gentle Snow Foam X-Mas edition (*Gfx*), but it looks like it's sold out on the site.
But Liam the **goat** said he might have some extras at the office, so if he can hook us up that would be super dope. 
Enough writing for now though, I've got to get back to work building this thing ugh.